video{
  id 
  title 
  description 
  poster 
  duration 
  rating 
  genre []
  actors Object[]
  releaseDate 
  createdAt 
  updatedAt 
}

1. Jaani Dushman: Ek Anokhi Kahani
    description: Two wishful serpents, Kapil (Armaan Kohli) and Vasundhara (Manisha Koirala) keep loving each other. One day, due to his mistake, the penance of a monk is disturbed, due to which he curses in anger, due to which Vasundhara dies with the sunset in the evening. Kapil apologizes to the monk and seeing his efforts, he tells him that Vasundhara's next birth will happen after many years.

    poster: {}
    duration: 2h 59m
    rating: 2.7
    genre: Action, Horror
    actors: Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty, Armaan Kohli, Sunny Deol, Sonu Nigam, Jonny Lever, Arshad warsi

    releaseDate: 16 August 2002,

2. Sholay
    description: Jai and Veeru are small-time crooks who are released from prison, where they are recruited by a former Inspector Thakur Baldev Singh to capture a notorious dacoit named Gabbar Singh wanted for ₹50,000,[b] as the duo had saved Thakur from a train robbery which makes Thakur to recruit them for the mission with an additional ₹20,000 reward. The duo leave for Thakur's village in Ramgarh, where Gabbar is residing and terrorizing the villagers.

    poster: {}
    duration: 3h 24m
    rating: 8.1
    genre: Action, Adventure
    actors: Amitabh Bachchan, Dharmendra, Hema Malini, Sanjeev Kumar, Jaya Bachchan
    releaseDate: 15 August 1975

3. Dhadkan
    description: Anjali Chauhan Verma (Shilpa Shetty) is the only daughter of a wealthy businessman in love with Dev Chopra (Suniel Shetty). Dev is of humble means but Anjali's father reluctantly agrees to meet him. However he rejects Dev for apparent rudeness and uncivilized behavior. An attempt to elope with Dev is foiled. Her father emotionally manipulates her into an agreement to marry Ram Verma (Akshay Kumar) a man chosen by him. Dev is left heartbroken.

    duration: 2h 41m
    rating: 6.5
    genre: Rommance, Action
    actors: Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty, Shilpa Shetty, Mahima Chaudhry
    releaseDate: 11 August 2000

4. Dilwale
    description: Arun Saxena is detained in a mental hospital. He attempts to escape but is stopped by the doctors. Arun's mother, Jamuna, sits in front of a temple every day with her back turned to God, vowing to only face God when Arun returns.

    duration: 3h 00m
    rating: 5.6
    genre: Action, Rommance
    actors: Ajay Devgn, Sunil Shetty, Raveena Tandon, Paresh Raval, Gulshan Grover
    releaseDate: 4 February 1994

5. Vishwatma
    description: Prabhat Singh is an honest and dedicated police officer, but he usually has no time for his family and due to this, his father is constantly at loggerheads with him. Prabhat's father believes in peace and opposes violence. Prabhat is now placed on a mission to apprehend the most dreaded crime Lord, Ajgar Jurrat, who currently lives in Kenya but operates in India. Ajgar has a rivalry with another Crime Lord, Madan Bharadwaj.

    duration: 3h 1m
    rating: 6.5
    genre: Action, Thriller,
    actors: Naseeruddin Shah, Sunny Deol, Divya Bharti, Chunki Panday
    releaseDate: 24 January 1992

6. Nayak
    description: Shivaji Rao Gaekwad is an ambitious television cameraman, working for QTV along with his friend Topi. While on his job, Rao is assigned to record riots triggered by a fight between college students and a bus driver and accidentally records a conversation in which the Chief Minister of Maharashtra Balraj Chauhan takes an indifferent stand, so as not to lose his voter base. In the riots, Shivaji saves the life of one of the college students there, and it is recorded by Topi. Because of his actions, Shivaji is promoted as the senior television presenter.

    duration: 3h 7m
    rating: 7.8
    genre: Action, Thriller
    actors: Anill Kapoor, Rani Mukerji, Amrish Puri, Paresh Raval, Jonny Lever, Sushmita sen
    releaseDate: 7 September 2001

7. Ishq
    description: Ranjit Rai and Harbans Lal Saxena are two wealthy businessmen who despise the poor. However, Ranjit's son Ajay meets with his childhood friend Raja, a poor mechanic; while Harbans's daughter, Madhu is good friends with Kajal, who is also poor. They fix up Ajay's marriage with Madhu by getting their signatures on a marriage certificate by deceit and without their knowledge; and send Ajay to meet Madhu at Harbans's place in Ooty. 

    duration: 2h 48m
    rating: 6.8
    genre: Comedy, Romance
    actors: Aamir Khan, Ajay Devgn, Juhi Chawla, Kajol, Jonny Lever
    releaseDate: 28 November 1997

8. Jis Desh Mein Ganga Rehta Hain
    description: When the time for Ganga's marriage comes, her parents inform her that her real parents live in the city. They now want him to settle there. Ganga bids a tearful farewell to her fellow villagers and travels to the town where her biological parents live. There he meets his elder brother. 

    duration: 2h 21m
    rating: 4.9
    genre: Comedy, Rommance,
    actors: Govinda, Sonali Bendre, Shakti Kapoor
    releaseDate: 13 October 2000 

9. Koyla
    duration: Handsome but mute, Shankar is raised by the powerful Raja, to whom he is loyal. But he treats him like a slave. Shankar is also unnecessarily beaten by Raja's brother Brijwa, a violent psychopath. A ruthless and cruel man with a large appetite for young women, Raja kills anyone who dares to defy him.

    duration: 2h 46m
    rating: 6.2
    genre: Action, Thriller, Crime, Adventure
    actors:  Shah Rukh Khan, Madhuri Dixit, Amrish Puri, Johnny Lever, Ashok Saraf
    releaseDate: 7 April 1997

10. Saajan
    duration: Rajiv Verma, a wealthy businessman adopts Aman, a boy who has a disability. Rajiv's wife, Kamla and their own son, Akash also accept Aman as their son and elder brother.

    duration: 3h 2m
    rating: 7.2
    genre: Rommance, Musical
    actors:  Sanjay Dutt, Madhuri Dixit, Salman Khan, Kader Khan
    releaseDate: 30 August 1991

11. Suhaag
    description: The story is about Ajay Sharma and Raj Sinha who are best friends studying in the same college. Pooja and Madhu are their respective girlfriends. Raj is from a rich family. He stays with his uncle as his father lives in another town. Ajay Sharma lives in Bombay with his widowed mother Asha. Raj treats Ajay's mother as his own mother and they share a brotherly relationship. 

    duration: 2h 42m
    rating: 5.7
    genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
    actors: Akshay Kumar, Ajay Devgn, Karisma Kapoor, Nagma 
    releaseDate: 20 October 1994

12. Raja Hindustani
    description: Aarti Sehgal is a beautiful young girl. Her evil stepmother Shalini wants to gain her father Bakshrath's wealth. Aarti arrives in Palankhet for a vacation to discover memories of her late mother and hires the services of available driver, Raja Hindustani. Ultimately, they bond and fall in love after an accidental passionate romantic kiss. 

    duration: 2h 45m
    rating: 6.1
    genre: Action, Romance
    actors: Aamir Khan, Karisma Kapoor
    releaseDate: 15 November 1996

13. Sailaab
    description: Dr. Sushma Malhotra (Madhuri Dixit) treats her patient; a kind thief and killer (Aditya Pancholi), who has lost his memory in an accident. She renames him Krishna. For the care she takes, Krishna falls in love with her and then they get married. Soon after they are married however, Inspector Ranjeet Kapoor (Suresh Oberoi) warns her that her husband was set to kill her before his accident and may again attempt to kill her, but she disregards this.

    duration: 2h 9m
    rating: 5
    genre: Drama, Thriller
    actors: Aditya Pancholi, Madhuri Dixit
    releaseDate: 31 August 1990

14. Mela
    description: Roopa Singh is the only sister of her soldier brother named Ram Singh who returns to her village in Chandanpur to arrange her marriage in the form of a carnival. However, Roopa's happiness is short-lived as the village is raided by a group of terrorists led by Gujjar Singh, who murders a visiting politician and is attracted to Roopa.

    duration: 2h 43m
    rating: 3.7
    genre: Action, Rommance
    actors: Aamir Khan, Twinkle Khanna, Faisal Khan
    releaseDate: 7 January 2000

15. Aag
    description: Orphaned at a very young age, Raju lives a poor lifestyle with his unmarried sister, Laxmi, in India. Both are of marriageable age. One day Raju meets an attractive fellow-collegian, Parul, and after a few encounters with another fellow-collegian, Bobby, both fall in love. But Parul's uncle, Jagpal, has already arranged her marriage with Police Inspector Suryadev Singh.

    duration: 2h 31m
    rating: 4.6
    genre: Action, Mystery
    actors: Govinda, Shilpa Shetty
    releaseDate: 12 August 1994

16. Hum hai Bemisaal
    description: Tuti Shah murders Kishan to defend his anti-social business and frames Kishan's friend D'Souza for his murder. D'Souza gets life imprisonment. D'Souza's seven-year-old son Michael runs away in frustration when his best friend and Kishan's son Vijay Sinha also expels him for being the son of his father's murderer. Time passes. 

    duration: 1h 54m
    rating: 4.4
    genre: Action, Thriller
    actors: Sunil Shetty, Akshay Kumar
    releaseDate: 16 December 1994

17. Judge Mujrim
    description: Judge Pratap Sinha (Jeetendra) is a renowned judge who does not pass judgement by sitting down on the judge's chair, but he himself investigates and brings the criminals to their fate. His wife, Sujata (Sujata Mehta), is a famous lawyer. He also has a sister Ashwini, (Ashwini Bhave), a brave police officer.

    duration: 2h 12m
    rating: 4.1
    genre: Action, Drama
    actors: Jeetendra, Sunil Shetty, Ashwini Bhave
    releaseDate: 12 September 1997

18. Kanoon
    description: Kanoon (transl. The law) is a 1994 Indian Hindi-language film directed and produced by Sushma Shiromani under her own productions Shiromani Chitra and starring Ajay Devgan, Urmila Matondkar in lead roles.

    duration: 2h 32m
    rating: 3.4
    genre: Action, Thriller
    actors: Ajay Devgan, Urmila Matondkar, Gulshan Grover, Jonny Lever
    releaseDate: 1 April 1994

19. Karan Arjun
    description: In a village in Rajasthan, Durga Singh, a poor woman raises her two beloved sons Karan and Arjun. When Munshiji of Thakur Sangram Singh, comes to talk to Durga, she tells her husband was the Thakur's son who married her against his father's wishes. Durjan Singh, a relative of Thakur killed Durga's husband to prevent him or his family from inheriting the Thakur's estate.

    duration: 2h 55m
    rating: 6.8
    genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
    actors:  Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Raakhee Gulzar, Mamta Kulkarni, Kajol, Amrish Puri, Johnny Lever
    releaseDate: 13 January 1995

20. Sainik
    description: The film is about a soldier named Lieutenant Suraj Dutt (Akshay Kumar), who is Colonel Yashpal Dutt (Retd) (Anupam Kher) is the son of Suraj goes to meet his sister Mini in the women's college where he meets Alka (Ashwini Bhave) and they fall in love with each other. They soon get married, but Suraj is called on a mission for a year.

    duration: 2h 28m
    rating: 6.0
    genre: Action, Drama
    actors: Akshay Kumar, Ashwini Bhave, Ronit Roy, Anupam Kher, Farheen
    releaseDate: 10 September 1993

21. Satranj
    description: Shatranj is the story of three brothers Dharamraj (Kader Khan), Dinky (Mithun Chakraborty) and Dino (Jackie Shroff). Dharamraj runs a garage with his two younger brothers and has remained a bachelor all his life as he hates women. He also forbids his brothers from falling in love and getting married. Tension between the brothers arises when Dinky and Dino meet and fall in love with Radha (Juhi Chawla) and Renu (Divya Bharti).

    duration: 2h 20m
    rating: 5.3
    genre: Romance, Comedy
    actors: Mithun Chakraborty, Jackie Shroff, Kader Khan, Juhi Chawla, Divya Bharti, Shakti Kapoor
    releaseDate: 17 December 1993

22. Ajnabi
    description: Raj and Priya Malhotra move to Switzerland, where they meet their Indian neighbors, Vikram and Sonia Bajaj. All of them quickly become friends and go on a Christmas vacation together to Mauritius.

    duration:  2h 45m
    rating: 6.3
    genre: Action, Thriller
    actors:  Akshay Kumar, Bobby Deol, Kareena Kapoor, Bipasha Basu, Johnny Lever, Dalip Tahil
    releaseDate: 21 September 2001

23. Baazigar
    description: Seema and Priya are the two daughters of affluent businessman Madan Chopra. Chopra competes in an auto race in Madras only to discover that another competitor, Vicky Malhotra, let him win on purpose so that he could meet him. Vicky impresses Chopra, and Priya develops feelings for him.

    duration: 3h 2m
    rating: 7.6
    genre: Thriller, Rommance
    actors:  Shahrukh Khan, Kajol, Shilpa Shetty, Dalip Tahil, Johnny Lever
    releaseDate: 12 November 1993

24. Jaanwar
    description: Orphaned when his mother dies of starvation, Babu is taken in by Sultan, an ambitious local criminal. Sultan has gathered a group of boys, led by his nephew Abdul, who he trains to work for him. Babu grows up to become "Badshah (Akshay Kumar) a professional criminal working for Sultan. After having robbed a jewellery store, Badshah and Abdul are chased by police but manage to escape

    duration: 3h 7m
    rating: 5.9
    genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
    actors:  Akshay Kumar, Karisma Kapoor, Shilpa Shetty, Shakti Kapoor
    releaseDate: 24 December 1999

25. Loha
    description: The movie begins with the introduction to a powerful underworld Don, Lukka (Mohan Joshi). He has a stake in all illegal activities like weapon smuggling, drugs, and land encroachment. Lukka's sidekicks include Salim Chikna (Harish Patel), Takla (Rami Reddy), muscleman Babu Batla (Bajrangi), and Munna Mobile (Razzak Khan).

    duration: 2h 40m
    rating: 5.2
    genre: Action, Drama
    actors:  Dharmendra, Mithun Chakraborty, Shakti Kapoor, Govinda 
    releaseDate: 17 October 1997 

26. VIrana
    description: Priests surround a young boy tied up inside a cage in a cave. He pleads with them to spare him and asks what they want from him. A priest says that his blood and flesh will give life to Nakita. Just then a lovely young woman enters the cage. She removes the bat locket from her neck, transforms into a witch and kills the boy.

    duration: 2h 25m
    rating: 6.6
    genre: Action, Horror
    actors: Jasmin Dhunna, Hemant Birje
    releaseDate: 6 May 1988

27. 1920
    description: In 1920 India, Arjun Singh Rathod is a well-known architect who has gone against his wealthy Hindu family's wishes to marry a half caste British Indian girl – Lisa. His family ambush his car en route to Bombay, assaulting him badly and setting the car on fire in an attempt to kill Lisa. Due to this, Arjun, once a deeply religious and devout Hindu, shuns his beliefs and abandons his family for his wife.

    duration: 2h 5m
    rating: 6.4
    genre: Horror, Mystery 
    actors:  Rajneesh Duggal, Adah Sharma
    releaseDate: 12 September 2008

28. Satya
    description: This movie is about the grandfather and gangster of Mumbai's underworld. The film depicts the entry of Satya, a boy from a village, into the world of hooliganism, success and end in that world.

    duration: 2h 50m
    rating: 8.3
    genre: Action, Action
    actors: Manoj Bajpayee, Urmila Matondkar, Paresh Rawal, 
    releaseDate: 3 July 1998

